# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE:** 15.2.2021
* **ASSISTANTS:** Mika Oja

### Minutes
We discussed about the scope of the project. Material might already be enough work for the course. User login is not needed since API's are stateless. There were corrections to the different section and actions to take for those are below. Key concepts not being clearly defined was the thing that we used most time on.

### Action points
Simplify the Main concepts and relations part.
For the API uses section there should be two different clients in two paragraphs explaining different use cases.
In related work section we should classify the type of the API and justify the classification and provide an example.


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:** 3.3.2021
* **ASSISTANTS:** Mika Oja

### Minutes
The diagram for the database design should have arrows so it's easier to follow different foreign keys.
Fermi energy table should have foreign keys instead of most primary keys.
Database testing should be expanded.

### Action points
Expand database testing.
Rework the database diagram.
Remove headers from the tables.
Fix the fermi table.


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 3.
* **DATE:** 19.3.2021
* **ASSISTANTS:** Mika Oja

### Minutes
We discussed about our api design and Mika gave us some advice about apiary and we found some errors in apiary that we have to correct them.

### Action points
add some / on  Resource url
add connection/input arrow for other collection and fermi collection
fix syntax Error in apiary such as : remove list sign [] from respeonses and put  in body of 201 and edit in all of them
put names on table


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:** 16.4.2021
* **ASSISTANTS:** Mika Oja

### Minutes
We discuss about software and testing. We execute the software also our tester and Miko give us some advice about how to improve our testing sotware. Also we have to make correction in our fermi entry testing and documenting.

### Action points

source for mason builder 
leave a link for codes that gave from somewhere else, 
documentation for the code
if not material_volume not needed
make a correction in fermi entry and fermi get entry test


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*


## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

